hi guys I am back in my kitchen in
Dublin and I'm so happy to be here
because I'm gonna make for you a very
delicious little supper very easy to
make it is vodka penne a really
wonderful new classic Italian recipe
which has a tomato creamy sauce and it's
so so simple to make starts in the pan
with a little bit of pancetta and some
butter Brian your pancetta or smoked
streaky bacon in the butter is gonna
bring it so much flavor it has this
wonderful salty taste if you can't get
pancetta it's smoked streaky bacon just
cut up nice and fine is perfect and does
the job so in with that I've some nice
chunky stuff here
and you just want to fry it down until
you get a nice sizzling golden color
this has to be one of the most simple
pasta dishes you will ever make it takes
literally about 10 minutes you will have
the sauce done in the time it takes to
cook the pasta I already have mine done
while the bacon or the pancetta is
frying off I'm just going to add in a
little sprinkle of dried chili flakes
now you don't need to use these if you
don't want to but if you like a bit of
heat get them in there
now the reason this recipe gets its name
is because you add vodka to the sauce
now it sounds like a bit of a strange
addition here but the use of vodka in
here intensifies the tomato sauce and
kind of brings out the sweetness in
there so it does have its uses I'm gonna
add about four tablespoons into the pan
here and if you're cooking this for
young people remember the alcohol is
gonna burn off so don't worry too much
about it so four tablespoons go in here
it will sizzle it will fizz but don't
worry about it it just needs to cook out
just prolong
so once that has sizzled away you want
to get about three or four tablespoons
worth of tomato puree in here all these
things you can have on hand and they
literally just get thrown together to
make a delicious meal once you have that
amount of your own nicely mix through
what you need to add in is sub double
cream it is quite a heavy dish but you
know what it is so creamy and delicious
once you put this in it's worth to pour
that in and just mix it all through you
want to bring it up to a just a kind of
nice simmer and then we're going to add
our past in so in alongside this lovely
sauce I'm going to tumble the pasta with
some Parmesan cheese and some parsley so
give it a good grate on a microplane
grater like this and you want to look
for parmigiano-reggiano it's the best
stuff take a good handful of flat leaf
parsley like this and just rip off the
stalks and put them to one side and you
should be left with a nice bit of leaf
egde there and just roll this into a
nice ball and you kind of want to give
it a rough chop you don't have to be too
careful here but it's lovely to get
flecks of green in here and because it's
such a rich sauce it needs that
freshness from the herbs
I've got a big bowl of penne pasta which
I've cooked up and drained and now it's
ready to be added straight into the
sauce just give it a really good mix
through just so that the pasta is all
completely coated and then just jump in
that Parmesan cheese lovely Parmesan
cheese and also some of that wonderful
parsley in there as well this is gonna
be absolutely delicious just mix it all
through and this is ready to rock a
perfect little 15-minute meal that will
blow your mind
a last little bit of Parmesan cheese and
flat leaf parsley over the top and check
this out a mega little pasta dish this
is my vodka penne I want you to give it
a go it is so delicious and I'm gonna
tell you how its delicious because I'm
going to try some so in with the garbin
mmm that is so good
creamy that vodka in there has
intensified the tomato puree you've got
a nice spicy kick in there if you like
the look of this recipe you can check it
out the recipe link is in the box below
leave me a comment tell me what you
think click like and of course subscribe
to this channel for a lots more
delicious recipes they are coming your
way I'm off to eat this in a corner by
myself ok
you